But why don't my children Goose and Blank love me? My god they love me."

Silence came down the hill, quite easily, as if the townsfolk had all resigned themselves to a temporary loss of fun. He silently grunted again.

"Children, why do you not love me? I am the most wonderful father there is."

The silence stretched on, a monstrous weight lifted from the earth. Except for the gentle sounds of a stream and the quiet bleating of a goose, the world was empty. The woods were silent, as if they had just been called by the ruddy dawning of the day and had just crumpled together into quaking, timid waddles. Yet here he stood, the most terrible man in the world. And they had come out to play in the garden, to show themselves as if they wanted to be seen. And no wonder!

------

But why don't my children Goose and Blank love me? Because I don't love them!

------

But why don't my children Goose and Blank love me? Why do they always ask for what they want? Why is my heart so hard that I sometimes want to cry?"

The cries kept coming from the nest on the second floor, and the dusters kept dragging and calling from the window.

"Nobody cares for us. Nobody loves us!"

Her tears continued to pour. She didn't know that nobody would.

An old house door in the corner was pulled open; a light in it caught the fire.

"You know," said Sybil, "we could use a light. It's the first night we've been alone here."

Her little girls wore the best clothes they could; however, Sybil felt they were too big to wear them all. She was old, and the girls were pretty young women; perhaps that was why the rest of her farm could not be saved.

The mother called the children around, and fixed a hot candle on the edge of a plate. It was a bad time to go to sleep in the house of one's mother.

"We'll have to leave and go to Aunt Tom's," said the little girls.

"We'll go to Aunt Tom's," said the mother; "the light is on, my dear; let us have a little rest."

They went into the bedroom. Sybil took one of the pails from the wheel, and poured the hot water into a basket that lay next to it.

"I am going to put one of my shoes on, and we'll see how warm it will be," she said.

A child's feelings always burn the more intensely when she finds that she is always staying with a mother. Sybil looked again at the wooden floor, and tried to imagine how good it would feel to sit on a wooden floor; she did not feel it at all. She had always been used to going barefoot in the mud and water of the country, with everything outside her, but this was as dry as a plate. The pale, slippery wood gave no comfort. She thought that she would soon forget the dear wooden floor of her house, and start all over again.

The little girls did the same, put their shoes on, and sat on the stone floor.

"We must go," said the mother, as she poured the cool water over her daughters.

"Where to, to Aunt Tom's?" asked the girls.

"No; we will go to Aunt Tom's, and see how good it will be."

"You can't go to Aunt Tom's," said the little girls; "we shall cry."

"Why?" said the mother, frowning.

"It will be so cold!"

"You will be warmer!" said the mother.

The mother repeated the words over, and the little girls were silent.

"Where will we stay?" asked the little girl, who was the most sensible.

"There is Aunt Tom's; then you can sleep."

"But we can't go there," said the little girl.

"Where do you want to go, little ones? Where do you want to go?" said the mother.

"To Aunt Tom's," said the little girl; and she and the others talked as if they had decided something.

They made up their minds, and as soon as they heard that soft voice say that they must go to Aunt Tom's, they went out and out, following their mother; sometimes with a sigh, sometimes with a tear, and sometimes with a loud and obstinate cry, so loud that it could be heard in the whole farm.

"To Aunt Tom's," they always said to themselves, as they were taking a trip through the marshes.

"And here we are!" cried the little girl, as she bent over the blue stone floor.

"Is that all there is in this beautiful old house?" asked the mother.

"It's all, all, all, Aunt Tom's!"

A long day passed, and, when the dark was beginning to fall, the little girl sat down on the stone floor and gazed up at the great cracked ceiling; she leaned her head back and closed her eyes.

"The tree is my mother's tree," she whispered.

And she was asleep, when a door opened, and a black youth with blood on his face came in, and forced his way into the window.

"Open the door, my little one," said the farmer's wife, who stood in the doorway.

"Open the door," said the black youth; and he was pushing and pushing, and it became easier and easier to open the door. And now there was a light in the room, and the whole house was full of voices and laughter.

The!