Lord Hatsbury trembles in his thorax and listens as his stewardd tells him why the people don't love him. They tell him they see him as the Apostle of Women's Rights and the pastor of a church they have built in their own backyard. None of them can find the words to praise Hatsworth enough.

"Listen, Historie," the stewardd said. "The tax collectors won't leave and we will run out of money, without your assistance, in about two weeks. And what will you have to do for us if we don't listen to you? We need you to finish the taxes and run the church for us. We need you to educate our children and keep the servants from working for the nobility because they want to be lords. And you must refuse any financial contribution that the house of Saud makes to your ministry as they have already assigned that right to the royals. And remember, you can give me your powers and full authority over the church. The powers belong to the clergy. You cannot control the duchess. I will have to return her the earldom if she does not give us a dime, much less everything we demand."

Hatsworth was angered. They wanted to leave him alone so much. But the master of the house, Yusuf, and his several emissaries had reneged on his agreement. They could not turn back, especially not when he had made them promise to raise him taxes if they disrespected him. Hatsworth had only half believed they meant it because if the Hapsburgs had wanted to honor their agreement they would have made it clear. But some part of him hoped they did.

So he goes outside to greet the incoming royal car. He has never been fully accepted at court, but his hatred of his only relatives remained. And when they show up with the car, which will be covered in jewels and covered with swarovski, his anger grows.

"Get back here, boy, and don't let anyone near the car until we come back!" his steward says. Hatsworth looks at Yusuf and shrugs.

"I'll handle it myself." Yusuf agrees.

And Hatsworth rides the royal car home. He is consumed by anger and resentful. He fumbles with his hat, trying to flatten his spectacles. They refuse to stay on his nose so he throws them into the street and waits for the car to pass.

This goes on for months. There are no tuition fees for Hatsworth to attend lessons at the family's villa and they have no funds to pay for him to travel anywhere to learn. He demands a salary of four hundred dinars, but the royals refuse. So he offers a two hundred dinars a year for everything else. They refuse that, too. They tell him there is no room for him. He argues until they agree to put a form on the letters he wrote and put him in their service, with the understanding that he must spend the rest of his life here, in the castle with the royals.

Fernandes makes him over-extravagant use of his power and they make him lie to his siblings and wonder why he does not just execute himself. Hatsworth's anger bursts into the open as he is told he will spend his life in the royal family's service, but now he begins to suspect he is going to have to stay. He begins to wonder if they would make him his steward or count.

Their children want to attend public school. But not until the age of seven. But before then, the children must wear black hats. They cannot make one they are their own and the hats are mostly worn by the young men.

They are bored, and one day they attempt a prank on Hatsworth. They come out on the balcony and start singing a song about hate. "Hats is a green flower for the youth,

A strange god that only makes things green.

They cannot even sing it to your ears.

Hats is beautiful, some say, in her power,

But like a war-babe is worn by everyone.

It is a woman's soul that wears it well,

They even sing about that."

Hatsworth manages to survive and see the peaceful sun rise. He has found a friend and they sing together.

One day, Hatsworth turns thirteen and in the interests of teaching children how to speak Italian, he has them learn the lesson about holding hands. But that is not enough to compensate for all his lost years. He is later told by a suitor that the prince, Charlemagne, is his future wife and he has a beautiful portrait of him in his office.

He realizes that his life will be a burden, without his wife and children, and that he must accept the burden of being a foreign knight. He sits for several!